 Hi everyone! In today's video I want to talk about Uniclaw shirts. If it's worth to buy them, if they're any good, just want to mention some points about these shirts and my experience with them. But before we begin please don't forget to subscribe to my channel, I really appreciate your support. I have many shirts in my wardrobe, different brands, different prices, and speaking about shirts from Uniclaw I can say that they are pretty decent for the price you pay. So I'll start with this Oxford shirt. It's a pink kind of pinkish salmon collar or Oxford shirt. I had the shirt for more than a year. Last winter I was wearing the shirt pretty often and I could say that the quality is pretty good and the Oxford, the material is, the fabric is very solid, very good. I could compare it to, let's say, your average polo or other floren shirts. Regular Oxford shirts from Polo. In my view the quality is pretty similar but what I like here the most is the fit. The fit is very good for me. It fits very well and the design is simple, nothing spectacular, simple shirt for everyday use. Another one I have here is a poplinch shirt. Regular white poplinch shirt. You remember I bought it just because I needed fresh new white shirt and it didn't have any in my wardrobe so I just bought it. I was shopping in the mall before Corona started. We were allowed to go in the stores, remember those days. The quality is also pretty nice. It feels very nice and the body is very soft and the material quality is very good. I wore this shirt maybe like a few times, maybe like a up to five or so but still the shirt, the fit and everything is pretty good here. Another shirt I want to talk about, I was wearing them for a long period of time. So these are linen shirts from Uniqlo. Again it's actually interesting because they look pretty similar but they are a little bit different in materials because this one was kind the regular linen shirt. Kind of cheaper version and this one was kind of more luxurious. This shirt made as they advertised this better material with better linen material and it was a little bit more money. I think it was like about ten or fifteen dollars more than the regular one. I have this in like a few versions, different colors, maybe three or four, no probably three of these shirts. And this one I bought just one just to try and actually I can feel the difference. First of all this really feels lighter and nicer on the body and it feels more softer. So I like to wear these shirts more but the only problem here is like really transparent. When you wear this shirt like outside during the summertime you know you can kind of see the body through the to the shirt and that's the only thing that I don't like. I wish I bought few more of these versus this. It's not as soft as not as nice on the body as this one. So I like the material here much better. So overall it's a very good buy for the money you pay. They very solid nice shirts. They're very good option versus for example gap or anything in this price point. So if you don't want to spend a lot of money to buy a shirt the unique one is a very good option to go for. If I will be in this store and I will see the shirt that I like I will buy without any hesitation because I know that they will serve me pretty well. Thank you for watching. I hope this was helpful. If you have any questions please ask me in the comments below and I'll see you in the next video.