 I'm shocked. I'm shocked either. These are so... You know, right from the start of this channel, I've been asked so many times what I thought of Uniclo Selvish Denon. And my answer always had to be the same. I don't know. I've never actually taken a closer look. Today, we're gonna change that. Find Uniclo near me. I mean, I get it. Selvish Denon is expensive. If you ask me for my recommendations, let's say, 150, 117, then it's because it's crazy from there. So, a pair of jeans that cost 50 bucks seems like a pretty good deal. But I think the most important question is, are they any good? And since it's a really cool 5-inch from my office, it's pretty easy to find out. I'm not sure. Okay, I am neither proud or at least in the owner of a pair of Uniclo Selvish Denon jeans. Right, let's go. The light is turned on, so it looks kind of semi-professional. And let's take a look at these jeans. I also got some socks. They've got a collar with this JW Anderson at the moment. And some of those thoughts really good. Ice head. No. It's been a while since I've done a jeans review. And it's a jeans review, not a socks review. And also why am I still wearing a jacket? As I was saying, it's been a while since I've done a jeans review. So, I will try to keep this as concise as possible. Something that I've not been to good in the past. Right, so these jeans, they are part of the Uniclo Youth collection. There seems to be a bunch of different subsections in the Uniclo offering. The Selvish Denon, then the Stretch Selvish Denon, Stretch Selvish Denon seemed to be in the Slimmer Skinny Fits, which it really makes sense. Skinny Fits are definitely not my fit. Now much more interested in seeing what their non-stretch Selvish Denon is like rather than the Stretch Selvish Denon. And right off the bat, I'm super, super impressed with what this Denon is like. Like, really, I am... It kind of reminds me of the Denon that I had in my first pair of nudies. So, it's very uniform, it's very tightly woven. It doesn't have a lot of character in it, but you get to put the character in yourself. That's kind of the point. It's way, way better than I thought it was going to be. Like, a lot better. Any other time I've seen Selvish Denon for one of these big brands, like, I don't know, H&M or whatever, is being completely, is being garbage. It likes any kind of feeling of quality, like any different issues from other Denom's that they were offering. So, there was no way that I was going to recommend that. This, in other hands, so far, at least in the Denom. For what you're paying, I paid 50 euros for this. That's really nothing. It's amazing. I'm so far like this, I'm really, really impressed with. I'm moving on to hardware. Okay, so the buttons are button, because it's supposed to be got zip-fly. The button is playing simple, unbranded, which is kind of the whole point of unicloge. Simple, classic basics. It's good quality, very solidly set. That's good, that's great, really. And then, as I said, zip-fly. I always like to see a button fly, but yeah, zip-fly here is a YKK zipper. Seems like a good size, good gauge. Seems so enough before the dime properly. It's not going to slip. And on to what's next. The pockets here look a little bit small. The pocket opening here looks a little bit small. I'll have to see what that's like when I try them on. I didn't really try that when I tried them on in the cabin. Yeah, just like glance here. I don't know, I'm going to see what that's like. It might be that they look small because the coin pocket is so huge. And that's, yeah, the coin pocket is really, really big. Inside, there's no small detailing like the hidden selfishness at the coin pocket that I know a lot of brands go for. I mean, that's, it's a nice thing to have. It is completely unimportant. I like the way that it's been sewn on with running the stitching down from the belt. Yeah, let's have a look at the pocket bags or one of the pockets. It's, yeah, a natural e-crucotten twill. It's not the lightest that I felt, but it's something of the heaviest that I felt. It's, it's okay. It's going to do a turn. Yeah, I don't know if that's really going to last as long as the rest of the jeans are going to, but it's not as bad as I've seen, but not as good as I'd like. Let's take him to the front and the belt loops. Wide enough to accommodate most belts, I would say. They're sold with puton. They're not tucked underneath the waistband or anything like that, but that's a game that's something I don't expect to see in such, much, much higher end, much more expensive jeans. Then we'll go over to the back of the jeans. It's a traditional five pocket design at the two pockets in the back. This seems like a good size. Online, of course, the rise on this and put this around about a mid-rise. The pockets themselves are seem like a decent enough size one second. Yeah, that's a good enough size to fit my wallet in. I don't know where is it all. I don't know what else to see. They're pockets. They seem to be pretty sold with puton. I'm fine with that. What did I normally move on to after this turn of the hand meeting? Let's go to the hand. This is when you get to see the selvage for the first time. It's a pink line selvage. I don't know if Momentaur is going to be annoyed about that. Again, there's always little surprises that these jeans throw up. It's a very, very narrow selvage. I don't know what you call that. Where the selvage meets each other. There, on cheaper jeans, it tends to be very, very white. I think that's something to do with the machines and they're fitting it through. Here is nice and narrow like it is on the higher-end, weeper old pieces. So that looks really good. Also, I feel like a big white bit here for the selvage. Always looks a little bit cheaper, but this looks good. It looks classy. So all of the jeans, all of them that were stacked up, had been pre-cuffed to show off the selvage selvage line. That, I feel, is a bit annoying because you're never, ever going to get this this crease out. That's always going to be there, even if you want to just wear them without having a little bit of cuff. But I guess they think that if you're buying a selvage denim from Unicle, you want to show off the selvage. So yeah, that's first negative thing in front of it, but that's not really anything too of the jeans. They've been flat-failed as well. So really clean them inside. Again, something I'd only expect from much, much higher-end, much higher-end, much more higher-end. Much more expensive jeans. And there's a chain stitch going all the way around. The chain stitch, I'd rather see this a little bit narrower. That's just personal preference. It doesn't make that much different because I'm sourcing this denim to some surprise. It makes a bit of difference with unsamphurized denim because the narrower this fold is here, the more rope you're going to get. There's more sort of tugging, there's more tension on the denim then. So I don't think you're going to get too much rope in you, not going to get too much interesting texture right here, but that's me being very, very, very nitpicky, really, very nitpicky. Again, I keep coming back to him. I'm super, super impressed with these jeans. And let's have a look at the inside. Because the inside is where... That's where the jeans tell their truth. So this lockiness, if there's been any lockiness in the manufacturing, shows on the inside. We got a proper look at the pocket bags. Talked about that before. Not that impressive. That was just a tiny bit of loose thread, nothing important. They're clean. They're really, totally, totally clean. This is just very, very surprising. Clearly somebody who really knew what they were doing, who had quite a lot of experience, was that for? And I heard quite a lot of experience put these jeans together. There's not a loose thread. There is not any sloppy stitching. I'm trying to find something to to nitpick on this. But I can't. I really can't. Got a woven label here. The branding is very, very minimal on these jeans. woven label using indigo thread and now sides. You're not really going to see it. What if it is doubled up in the piece of denim here to reinforce the outer belt loops? It seems like that. Again, an interesting attention to detail that I've not seen in other jeans. If that's what this little piece of fabric is for, but I can't imagine what else is for. It's not done anywhere else, but okay, this is really interesting. I have to say. So at the back here where the belt loop is sewn on, because it is on the felt seam here, it is getting put through, you know, one, two, three, four, four layers of denim. So that's going to be pretty solid there. And up at the top here, two layers of denim with the waistband that's been folded over on the belt loops on the front. They have got the pocket bags to reinforce them. But the belt loops on the side, I guess they thought, okay, there's only one layer of denim where we're going to sew this on. So let's put a little bit of reinforcement on there. I've never seen that before on any jeans. And the first thing to really go on my first project pair of newties was exactly that. But this belt loop just ripped out. Like it completely took a big lump of the fabric with it as well. If you're on the fence about getting into into raw denim, just go ahead and get a pair of these. These are amazing jeans. Right, okay. I'm, I'm shocked. I'm shocked. These are so, so good. These are really, so good. Let's have a look at how they fit. Because that's going to be a big, determined factor for a lot of people. I'll get, oh, wait a minute. There is something that something can spikulously missing on these jeans that I think I've just lost any kind of um, credibility that I had that I didn't bring this up sooner. The studio is fantastic, but it is very, very small. So I've got a rearranged furniture all the way and it was all the way to rearrange in the furniture for doing the body shots. When I noticed this, there's no rivets. Zero rivets. No rivets at all. Which is not the worst thing in the world. This really is not. I mean, rivets are um, really much superfluous for what these jeans are meant to be. A chain stitch to reinforce the stress areas is just as good as they ever have to be. And I guess that's one place that they can really save a lot of time and money and energy. And honestly, they don't look that bad without them. I always thought that rivets needed to be like a punctuation point around about a pair of jeans, but these look completely fine without them. They look so fine without them that I didn't notice that they didn't have them. That's my excuse. It's good. It really is a very nicely proportioned, very nicely cut pair of jeans. They are a straight leg, but they are towards that kind of, the best way to do this, contemporary straight leg that seems to be really entrenched just now. So really quite full throughout the jeans. It's not quite the straight fit if you think towards like a Levi's 5 or 1 or something of that. I don't really know where the difference is. Maybe it's something to do with the rise, but there definitely is a difference. This is a very contemporary silhouette. They're still very, very promptly, very easy. Very, it's just a very nicely well proportioned fit. I think it looks good. Rise-wise it's a mid-rise, definitely. And then you can plenty of room through the thighs. And there's not much of a taper going down towards the leg opening. And speaking of that leg opening, as I mentioned before, these seem to be a pre-fold to show off the silge with every single pair of jeans. And they only seem to come in one leg length, which is normal for silge denim. But usually that comes in like a leg 36. These, I mean, I've got very, very short legs and like a penguin, a Moltoorso. These are maybe a 32 and cut a 30. I think that's, unless you really want to do this kind of like high water look, which again, I'm just all available. If you're over, what am I? 183, 6 foot, edge. If you're over that, then you're going to have no choice apart from doing the coffin denim. And see that crease going around. Or they're going to be like, yeah, you're going to be showing quite a lot of ankle. No bad thing, but I'd like to see more variations in the leg length. Maybe on the website, there is more variations in the leg length, but I couldn't find any in the store. What it comes down to is this. Come back to the initial question that I asked at the beginning of this video. Are unicool silge denim jeans any good? And I have to say, yes, they are. For what you're getting, actually, no, just in general, they're a very, very good pair of jeans. But for what you're getting for the price, that's really, really, it's amazing. They are a very well-apportioned pair of jeans, they're well-fitting pair of jeans. The construction quality is on a par with the very, very best I've ever seen. Jeans didn't cost five, six times as much as these. I can, if you're on the fence, although getting into silge denim into raw denim, then try it with these. Really, you don't have to spend a couple of hundred bucks to see if you if you're into it. You can see, you can go along, you can buy pair of these, and I think this would make a very, very good first project pair. And you are ready to move on a little bit from the entry level. And you don't want to, like, shell out a bunch of cash. Check out this video here that I did on five silge denim that are under a hundred euros, $100.