 Ok guys, for today's vlog, I will be showing you the Uniclo hit tag Ultra Warm Series that I bought last few weeks ago. So I bought a long sleeve and inner wear and also gloves and a beanie. So first that I will show will be the long sleeve. So I bought a wine collar. This is a medium ultra warm. So this is the warmest of all the Uniclo hit tag version. It's $40 each for $0 Singapore Dollars. And I bought a size medium. Then now we go with the navy collarway, also size medium. Also for $4 and later on I will show you the detailed look of the long sleeve. So now we have now the pants. I will be showing you the pants. So for ladies they call it the leggings but for men Uniclo they call it a long jons. So this is the ultra warm for both in black collar. So the leggings is thin but it's warm. So now we go with the detailed look of the long sleeve. So the fabric that they use for this hit tag is soft and stretchy. And Uniclo says this is $2.25 times warmer than the regular hit tag. Because it comes in three versions. You have the regular hit tag extra warm hit tag. And now the one that I have is the ultra warm series. And this can manage from temperatures from 10 degrees Celsius to negative 20 degrees Celsius. And of course for winter you need to do proper layering. So I bought in our room socks as well. I bought two pieces just to try. And then also we can go with the gloves later on. So for the Uniclo hit tag gloves, this is touch screen capable. As you can see on the palm of the gloves. You can see there's a grip as well. And a black tag outer layer that keeps the cold air out. So your hands won't freeze during the winter season. So this is a size medium. Because I have a small hand, it comes with two sizes on the. You have the medium and the large. So for women, they can go with the medium size. And now this is the bini. It's a knit cap that can be used for any occasions. And the materials that they use will be acrylic and wool. So that's it guys. Thank you for watching the video. Please don't forget to like and subscribe. Thank you.